{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 WHAT'S NEW\
\
In version 3.6:\
\
Live point moving in effects tool.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Fix bug causing crash with Sepia Effect.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In version 3.5:\
\
Text layers!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Many bugs fixes - including issues with clone tool and erasing with pencil & brush.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In version 3.1:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Live image color levels histogram.\
Effect to adjust tone curve.\
Effect to adjust color levels.\
Text tool can layout text to current selection.\
Multithreaded textures to improve brush performance.\
Image size and position - to move canvas origin.\
\
Bugs fixes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fix crash when using textures.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fix crash when GIMP XCF format is not parsable.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
So many things...\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Ability to set the undo levels in preferences to limit memory usage.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}"Marching ants" for selection boundaries - see the Preferences.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Multithreaded rendering and other operations. Much faster and smoother!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Position tool shows the image while scaling and rotating - easier to use Free Form transforms\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Pencil can have a circular tip.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Selection area is independent of current layer.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Simplified pasting of images. Drag and drop into the image.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Drag and drop to rearrange layers from the layers list.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Ability to link/unlink layers from the layers list.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Make only the selected layer visible by double-clicking in layer list.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Text tool is much easier. Drag area to create text box.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The UI for tool and effects options has been moved to the right bar.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Lots and lots of internal bug fixes to stop crashes.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Hopefully it still works on older OSX version - otherwise file bug!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
TIPS\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}For effects that require points, after creating points, you can click and drag to change the effect.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Moving the mouse over the image causes the effects points to appear.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}An editable text layer is signified by the 'text layer' icon in the layer list.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Drawing and other operations on a text layer will cause it to be rasterized and no longer editable.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}A layer size is independent of the image size. The image size (canvas) will be used when exporting to bitmap formats.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The image (canvas) is a view of the layers - layers can be repositioned to show more/less in the image. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You can select an arbitrary part of the image by creating a new layer, using the paintbrush to trace what you want to select and then use "Selection -> Select Alpha", then delete the layer. The "Lasso Tool" is simpler but doesn't support faded edges, etc.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}When specifying an image size, you can cycle through various units of measurement (namely pixels, inches and millimeters) by clicking on the unit's label.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Use "Seashore -> Preferences" and the "Colors Tab" to enable "marching ants" and layer boundary modes.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}"Merge with Underlying" uses the selected channel which can be used to create a mask in the layer below.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To scale an image to an exact size without distortion, first use "Image -> Scale Image" to change the width/height. The use "Image -> Image Size" to set the other dimension. Then fill any outside gaps as desired.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To add a border to an image, add a new layer below and fill with the desired border pattern/color. Then use the "Position Tool" or "Layer -> Scale Layer" to shrink the top layer.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The "Crop Tool" can be used to crop the selected layer or all layers (Crop Image).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You can use the "Zoom Tool" to select an area to zoom to.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You can temporarily select the "Zoom Tool" by using the \
}